Why are you applying for Financial Aid? (150 words minimum required)
I am a new immigrant to Canada and want to learn Data Science. I think it will be beneficial for me in future. But i have no job of my own to carry all the expenses. MY husband is the only earning hand in my family of four people, so its difficult for me to pay for this certificate. I want to learn so I wish to enroll in this course. This course will help me find employment. It will improve my performance in comprehending and studying this technology and provide me an advantage over my competition. My certificate from this course will have more credibility if it is a validated certificate. I'm going to do all of my assignments on time or early. We are family of four people and its very hard to survive in a new country with single survival job that my husband is doing .I really need this course to strengthen my resume and broaden my expertise in the field.


How will taking this course help you achieve your career goals? 
Continually learning is my primary career objective. I wish to work as a data analyst now that I have knowledge of the cloud. Studying and learning these Data Analyst ideas through this course will help me advance my career chances. It can help me advance in my knowledge. I know raw data have lots of potential information but with data analytic course i will learn how we can get valuable information from this raw data and that information can be used for business intelligence, data visualization, and data analysis. Identifying which aspects of Data Analysis seem most important and relevant to us, Walking away with a strong foundation in where Data analysis is going, what it does, and how to prepare for it. Data analysis course will help me achieve it to learn. This Course of data analytics on Coursera will help me to greatly increase my programming knowledge. Additionally, I intend to assess peer-reviewed assignments, which I think will be a priceless learning experience.


Why are you applying for Financial Aid? (150 words minimum required)

Advertisement

Answer : I’m a student from India and want to learn Data Analytics. I think it will be beneficial for me to get into a good firm as an intern. But I’ve no job of my own to carry the expanses to pay for the certificate of this course. I live only for my scholarship. In this circumstance, it is very much difficult for me to gather such amount of money for the certificate. Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs. So I’m badly in need of this financial aid.Receiving this Financial Aid will open for me a new horizons of the world of Coursera courses , which in turn will help me in future .Sir we are three brothers and we all are at learning stage and it becomes a lot difficult for the family members to pay the whole amount for all the three of us and if I add up my course it will make even harder for them to pay. Sir, I need this course very badly for my CV and for increasing my knowledge about the subject.

How will taking this course help you achieve your career goals? (150 words minimum required)

Answer – I want to take this course as I want to learn Data Algorithms. I want to complete the course due to my curiosity and also that I can put a good CV to a get applied to a job. This Course will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. It will help perform better in carrying out various programs in a computer language and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course. I plan to complete all assignments on or before time as I have done in previous Signature Track Courses. Also I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I have found to supplement my learning immensely in the other online courses I have taken on Coursera. I also plan to grade assignments which are to peer reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity.

Would you consider using a low-interest loan to pay for your courses?

Answer – Sir, the financial status of the family is not too good to pay the loan amount. We already have a lot of dept in the bank and my parents are paying it on regular basis. It would make their life even harder to add a new loan over them. Sir, i don’t want to put any pressure over them. Sir, it would be a great help for me to get a good job and help my family if I’m able to get this course.


